# MMC_shooting
The folder contains all the simulation files and codes (running on MATLAB) needed to generate every figure of the paper "Shooting Method Based Modular Multilevel Converter Initialization for Electromagnetic Transient Analaysis". Simulation files have the following extensions:

    .pan : they include the simulations to be carried out with PAN simulator. Each .pan file includes a netlist describing most of the simulated system. Some components are included in form of subcircuits: these are described by the .mod and .va files.
    .mod : they describe at netlist level some power system components and controls common to each .pan file.
    .va : they describe some of the MMC controls implemented with the Verilog-A language.
    .txt: they describe other auxiliary files which have not been included in the other files for brevity.

The folder "Figures" contains all the Matlab codes and .mat files needed to generate each figure of the paper. The Matlab codes are named after the figures they generate. Each .mat file can be generated by simulating a specific .pan file (see below). The file "format_ticks" allows plotting graphs in a nice manner. 

For further information, please refer to the paper (and its references) or contact the Authors.

SIMULATION DESCRIPTION

If run, each .pan file generates one or more .mat file, which can be used to generate the figures in the "Figures" folder. The following holds:

    The "SFM_shooting.pan" file allows obtaining the .mat files necessary to execute the shooting method (SHM) on the benchmark system (i.e., the modified Nordic32 grid) when using the average value model (AVM) of MMCs. 
    The "SFM_tran_startup.pan" and "SFM_tran_shooting.pan" files respectively allow obtaining the .mat files necessary to plot the black and red lines in Fig.6.
     The "TEM_SWAP_tran_startup.pan" and "TEM_SWAP_tran_shooting.pan" files respectively allow obtaining the .mat files necessary to plot the black and red lines in Fig.7.
